Adds development build instructions (#81)
WordPress/wp-feature-notifications: README.md

A feature plugin for WordPress, which aims to create a new (better) way to manage and deliver notifications to the relevant audience.

Want to get involved? Join our weekly office hours every Wednesday at 14:00 UTC in the [#feature-notifications](https://wordpress.slack.com/messages/C2K1C71FE) channel of the [Make WordPress Slack](https://make.wordpress.org/chat/).

> To get started, please take a look at our [project wiki](https://github.com/WordPress/wp-notify/wiki)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, please take a look at our [project wiki](https://github.com/WordPress/wp-feature-notifications/wiki)
```

See also [Trac ticket #43484](https://core.trac.wordpress.org/ticket/43484).

## Development
We love your input! We want to make contributing to this project as easy and transparent as possible, whether it’s:

- Reporting a bug
- Testing the plugin
- Discussing the current state, features, improvements
- Submitting a fix or a new feature

We use GitHub to host code, to track issues and feature requests, as well as accept pull requests.
By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under its GPLv2 License.

Prerequisites:
- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
- [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/download/)
- [wp-env](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/reference-guides/packages/packages-env/) (optional)
- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) (optional)

Installation:
```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/WordPress/wp-feature-notifications.git
$ cd wp-feature-notifications

> $ npm i && composer install

Reviewer: Given we now have a `.nvmrc` file for node, is it worth adding a line about this?

Author: with the nvmrc file 🤔 my system automatically switches the node versions after entering into a folder with this file... this don't happens also to you? maybe because [this](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#zsh)?

Reviewer: Thanks for updating, I'm conscious of new contributors who aren't as familiar with all these tools really. Maybe the line about requiring node could expand on it:

```markdown
- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/download/). We recommend using [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) to ensure a compatible node version.
```

> $ npm i && composer install

Author: ```suggestion
$ nvm use && npm i && composer install
```
